Feedback on EDA, results, and findings blog post (second blog post, draft SHA cc240ca7b60f81d80abc9c5e8bfe919dafe50cd5):

Orion Bowers: Overall, good post. I felt like you were able to research and find some good insights. 
    I don't know if it's because I'm tired, but I had a hard time concentrating on some of the 
    longer paragraphs. Maybe you could break them up into several smaller paragraphs to make it 
    easier on the eyes? Also, you referenced the dashboard offhandedly. I would draw more attention 
    to it either there or at the end of the post and include a link each time you reference it so it's 
    easy to find.
Response: Looked over longer paragraphs and found ways to either shorten them or use more simple
    descriptions and explanations. Also added a links section at the bottom of the post.

Jeffry Troll: Again good job, your post is well-written with clear explanations. I found a few minor 
    grammar errors. For example, "customized addtional factors" should be "customized additional factors."
    Also, I will change how you explain the graphs, I would give them a title, figure number and a caption 
    and then your opinion, I'll add an image as reference.
Response: Corrected the grammatical errors and adapted figures to include titles.

Daphne LeSueur: I just read through your EDA post and I think it is really well done! I thought everything 
    was explained very clearly and it was informative. I thought your introduction at the beginning really 
    set up the rest of the post. I also loved how you put the graphs side-by-side that were modeling the 
    same thing for different years. I thought it was very intuitive all throughout the post. My personal 
    opinion is that having a Key Takeaways section and a Conclusion section is a little redundant. I 
    thought some of the information in your conclusion section could have been considered a key finding! 
    Otherwise this post was very professional. Good job.
Response: Merged the Key Takeaways section with the Conclusion section to make my final thoughts sound less
    redundant.


